reword public preview banner to clarify hosted (#2330)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/sl-public-preview-banner.md

:::info 📌

> The dbt Semantic Layer is currently available in Public Preview for multi-tenant dbt Cloud accounts hosted in North America. This means if you login via https://cloud.getdbt.com/, you can access the Semantic Layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt Semantic Layer is currently available in Public Preview for multi-tenant dbt Cloud accounts hosted in North America. If you log in via https://cloud.getdbt.com/, you can access the Semantic Layer.
```

Reviewer: Do we have an example of a cloud URL that would not be able to access the Semantic layer?

Author: @matthewshaver do you think:

> If you log in via https://cloud.getdbt.com/, you can access the Semantic Layer. If you log in with another URL, the dbt Semantic Layer will be available in the future.

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 that works for me!
